every day is a perfect Mad River Glen
ski day everybody that skis here is a
good friend and the ones that are become
you don't have to have the best skis the
best car the best suit the ten dollar
chili people who love to ski make it the
heart of the mountain and I think that's
the bond that everybody feels when
they're here
it's the authenticity of it in a world
now where ski areas aren't skier is
anymore they're resorts
it's just such a good atmosphere that
I've never seen anybody not have a good
time the beauty and the history and the
charm and the quietness it is cozy it is
a home when I come here I'm not in a
hurry it's not really about a challenge
to me terrain wise or how many vertical
feet I get in a day or you know what I
mean it's really kind of the total
experience I mean there are times I'm
standing on inside the trail looking up
at the mountain going this is a great
day
way back home